---
layout: post
title: Week of 15 November
---
This week is mostly about refactoring. On Monday, we looked at the refactoring of a complete suite of classes. I think it is very nice to have explanations on the class readings. I sometimes don't pay much attention to the readings, which I know is very bad. However, when most of the time readings does not come up in quizzes I would just rather spend the time on projects. These few lectures on refactoring actually taught me how to slowly transform the structure of the program, and I find them very helpful. I  will start reading the refactoring book, since seems interesting after the explanations in class. 

On Friday, we also talked about Java's dynamic and static binding. I had almost forgot the definition of static and final in Java. It is very refreshing to review these basics once again as they are good to know in practice and in interviews. 

The final phase of the website also starts this week. There is substantially more writing to do than previous phases. Search seemed pretty self-explanatory but hard to do well (as good as Google). Using another group's API maybe a bit hard since they don't have much data for us to work with.

Tip of the week: When refactoring code, code gets move around, added, deleted all the time, and one can easily confuse themselves. [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/features/refactoring.html) gives many tools to refactoring Java code with the press of a few buttons. It maybe useful when refactoring large amounts of code.
