---
layout: post
title: Week of 6 December
---
The semester has finally come to a close. The time I had in software engineering is great. It started from me being anxious of being called because I was not giving the class full attention to habitually giving the class my utmost attention and not even worrying about being asked at all. I had learned a new language, which I hear everyone talk about and I did not know: Python. By learning Python, this class is already fruitful to me. However, I learned so much more than just a language. I also learned how to refactor programs using different techniques in the last weeks of the class. This has been especially helpful to me as I lack the experience.

The speakers from industries were really helpful. They assured me that the tools we use in class are actually used in the real world. They also give me a sense of what working in this industry really feels like as they described their work processes. Further from the standpoint of a student, we will not have quiz if a speaker comes in, which is always a relief.

Finally, the final project was also a new and fruitful experience. I have never built an entire website from the ground up, not to mention the use of Rackspace to host the website. The project gave me the knowledge to build website on my own for whatever purpose. The possibility is endless.

Tip of the week: It’s finals week. I don’t like studying at school libraries because everyone is stressed out in there. Studying at my room is much more relaxing and I can get much more done. This maybe just me though. 
