---
layout: post
title: Week of 6 September
---
This is a slow week, because of Labor Day and the speaker from Bloomberg. However, I think it is a nice change of pace. I really appreciate Professor Downing to bring in a speaker (or speaker to come) from industries to class. After all, this is a software engineering class and there is no better way to learn the current state of software engineering from someone who is working on it. One thing I learned from the talk, if nothing else, is that Bloomberg is a software company. I had always thought Bloomberg specializes in analyzing financial data and creating new indices. It turns out they are more about creating software that present the financial data to their customers. I was also surprised at how old a company Bloomberg is, especially at the fact that they existed before email protocols were agreed upon. 

The next class, we talked about exception handling in Python and Javascript. While I already have some experience in exceptions in Java, I never analyzed in depth the different blocks of a try and catch statement. For example, the else and the finally block and how they control the flow of the program. I think these are very helpful information to prevent random exceptions from crashing the program, and of course, to make good quality software.

Tip of the week: I have been using [LeetCode]( https://leetcode.com/) to prepare for coding interviews. It is a bit like Sphere, except it tells you the test case that fails, which, in my opinion, makes more sense.