---
layout: post
title: Week of 6 September
---
This week we spent the whole week discussing the first project: Collatz. I appreciate how Professor Downing go into detail on every aspect of the project. He made the point of the project very clear: that is to let us learn the full software engineering stack, instead of implementing the collatz conjecture. I think it is safe to say that implementing collatz will take no more than an hour for most people in the class. The hard part is writing comprehensive test cases, both black and white box style, that try to test as many aspects of the program as possible. Another hard or rather tedious part is, of course, setting up Travis and all the testing repositories. 

Although spending so much time explaining the project made each step very clear, I think too much time was spent. For example, going over every single requirement on Wednesday was not too enlightening since I read over it already. Even if I have not read it, I think it was detail enough for me to understand each step without much trouble. 

Regarding the readings, I really liked the Javascript book. Its words were concise and diagrams were easy to understand. I have wanted to learn Javascript more than the few lines I write occasionally. I am happy that this class will teach some Javascript.

Tip of the week: I came across a paper: [Case Study: Extreme Programming in a University Environment](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.ezproxy.lib.utexas.edu/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=919128). I thought this is a good addition to the chapters we have to read from the XP book. 