---
layout: post
title: Week of 20 September
---
Project 2: netflix starts this week. I was excited to start the first non-introductory project. I liked how the project is somewhat related to analyzing data and making predictions. The phrase “big data” is the buzz words nowadays, however, I don’t have much experience working with big data, and I’m glad I was given the opportunity. This may be the first project I have that deal such a large amount of data. I know 1.4 GB is tiny compare to data in the real world, but it is still a good experience learning how to deal with datasets like this. 

Up to the current point of the course, I feel this class is leaning towards a python course. I learned a lot of functions and syntax in python to calculate RMSE and creating a map, and these functions can be used in calculating a lot of other things too, especially the reduce and map functions. I cannot say that I did not learn software engineering in this course, since the projects are all about testing and building the program using pair programming methodologies. However, I would appreciate if we can learn more about software engineering in class. 

Tip of the week: Career fair is next week. My advice is to research companies in advance and talk to the ones that interest you the most. Also, try to visit as many companies as you can, and don’t just wait in line to talk to big companies like Google. There are a lot of smaller companies out there that may be less known but still as good. 
