---
layout: post
title: Week of 8 November
---
I learned a lot about SQL this week. From simple selects to complicated subqueries, it surely is a different language from Python. I saw most of the material covered this week before coming to this class. I think everything up to subqueries are pretty simple, and then I start to struggle coming up with appropriate subqueries. One reason is probably I never used them outside of classroom. Also, there is just so many different questions one can come up with using a table with a couple of columns. I just need more practice and experience to be better at it. 

Project 4 (IDB2) also was due at Thursday. I appreciate the Google form been posted so early. It seems my comments on here did not go unheard. The major upgrade on our website is a database and the ability to serve thousands of web pages using only three html template files. I think it is very amazing that this is possible. So little code is required to create such an immense website. Further, there is no scalability issues. We could have millions of web pages, and we will still use the same three html template files.  It just depends on how big our database is. 

Tip of the week: As I mentioned above, I feel I’m lacking the experience in solving subqueries problem. As this is most likely tested, I tried to find resources to help me practice. [This site]( http://www.w3resource.com/mysql-exercises/subquery-exercises/) has some examples in subquery practice, and there are tons of other websites that provide similar function. 
