---
layout: post
title: Week of 10 October
---
This week is all about iterators. To build an iterator, one has to know very clearly how to build a generator in python. The key is to use the “yield” keyword, and everything else usually comes naturally. It was very interesting to learn how Python builds these iterators and to actually build one myself. I always thought writing language implementation like these will be hard and complex, but after working on it step by step, it was surprisingly simple. 

Next week is the test. I think it will not be too bad, since there were plenty of practices in class. This maybe my first test consisting entirely in writing code. I am not sure if it will be easier or harder. Unlike writing algorithms in most other computer science tests, writing programs requires me to write in correct syntax. It will certainly be nice if the graders are going to be a bit lenient on grading the syntax, because it would be silly if I mess up the syntax and miss points. A sheet of note can be brought to the exam, but no implementation can be written on it. There is really not that much topic to put on there if I cannot put code. However, I do understand the test will be way too easy if program can be written on the paper.

Tip of the week: [Python Functions](http://www.bogotobogo.com/python/python_fncs_map_filter_reduce.php) explains the difference between the three functions: map, filter, and reduce. I think it is very helpful, because I always confuse map with reduce. 
