---
layout: post
title: Week of 30 August
---
This is my first class taught by Professor Downing, and it is definitely a new experience. I really liked the name-calling of students on questions as it keeps us all engaged. Often in other classes, the professor will ask a question and only a handful of students will bother to answer it, resulting in a generally boring atmosphere and awkward silences here and there. Of course it is best if all the students are engaged and eager to answer every question even if they are guessing, but that is not going to always happen. Therefore, I think this method is a good way to simulate the same behavior.

Another difference of this class from other classes are the clear instructions. From attendance to assignment, everything has clear and concise procedures. Take the instruction of creating this blog as an example. There is a whole page on the specification of the blog and how to set it up. In addition there are two or three notes noting the deadlines and other specifications. I have a feeling that the programming assignment will have the same level of detail, which will make my life a lot easier. I have taken classes that give vague instructions on assignment, which is good for exploring by myself what should be done. However, at the same time, I do not know if what I think is right is actually correct until I receive a grade.

Tip of the week: I came across [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org) this summer. It is a tool for building and testing projects on github. I haven’t tried it but it looks really interesting and seemed more convenient than Jenkins. 