---
layout: post
title: Week of 18 October
---
This week is about starting on the new and final project. Like most new projects, the review of details and requirements was very overwhelming. The website listed out so many tools that I am unfamiliar with, that it feels like this will be a hard and time-consuming project. Perhaps the most interesting part about the project is that we can do whatever topic we like. I was impressed with what everyone came up with, especially the Pokemon website. If we were to switch project with another group in the second phase, I would not be unhappy to work on that site. 

Of the project, I think the hardest part is definitely the front end for me. I have very little experience in Javascript and design of website. I have heard of Angular JS being thrown around constantly these days, but I don’t know what it provides to the functionality of Javascript. This is a good opportunity for me to learn these frontend languages. 

Test had been graded late this week. My test score met my expectations, and overall I am very satisfied with the score. I think the class average is pretty reasonable for a CS class too, meaning the test was neither too hard nor too easy. 

Tip of the week: I have been using [AngularJS]( http://www.tutorialspoint.com/angularjs/) to learn Angular JS. I find it helpful as it shows the code on what it’s trying to do, not just words or documentations. The “try it” option is also very useful to learn the calls first without writing my own program.
