---
layout: post
title: Week of 27 September
---
This week we continue to talk about concepts in Python, including creating our own reduce function and iterations. The contents were easy to understand and apply, especially that reduce and map are very similar functions. Also, the concept of iterables is not unfamiliar to me. Java has iterators too that works very much the same way. 

The JPL talk was very interesting. The projects Alex showed were all very impressive. Unlike normal projects in standard tech companies, they are actually developing new technologies. There also seems to be a skew towards virtualization of environment. Almost every projects involves around Oculus or similar hardware, even though the problem they are trying to solve is completely different. I was surprised that although the company is JPL, the projects Alex had worked on does not require much knowledge on physics, astronomy, or the space in general. For example, the patching together of Mars images to make them into a panorama needed a lot of intelligent image manipulations skills, but that has nothing to do with Mars. This made me think that even I may have a chance to work at JPL, which will definitely be a wonderful experience. 

Finally, Netflix was due this week. I would really appreciate it if TAs can put the Google doc online sooner. There is no reason to wait until the last minute to post that online, given that we need the doc to turn in the project. 

Tip of the week: I used Node.js for the first time in hackathon yesterday. It is really simple to use Node.js to create a web service. I encourage people who has not used it to try it out.
